Environment variable documentation update (#2840)
fsprojects/FAKE: docs/guide/core-targets.md

## Script with arguments

> If you don't do `Target.initEnvironment()` at all, then FAKE will only use environment variables already set
> (e.g. Windows: `set mything=123`) instead of parsing the command-line `-e`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't call `Target.initEnvironment()` before you use the `Environment` module, 
then FAKE will only use system and inline environment variables 
(e.g. Windows: `set mything=123`) instead of parsing the command line `-e` params.
```
